readme.md, before:

# INF319 Backend

## Configuration

This backend must be configured through environment variables. For example:

```txt
MODELS_DIR=./models
CORS=^https?:\/\/(\w+\.)*example\.com
DATABASE_URL=db.sqlite
```

- Note that CORS is a regex string. It should be anchored by beginning with `^` to avoid
  maliciousness. See the warning and spec in the
  [Rocket documentation](https://docs.rs/rocket_cors/*/rocket_cors/type.AllowedOrigins.html) for
  details.
  - It will always allow CORS from `http(s)://localhost:xxxx` for testing purposes.
- If a different file than `db.sqlite` is wanted, make sure to reflect this in the provided
  `rocket.toml`.

### Database

This application requires a SQLite database to store data in. This is bundled on build-time, but it
still needs to be set up. This can be done with [`diesel_cli`](https://diesel.rs/) as such:

```sh
# Installation
cargo install diesel_cli --no-default-features --features "sqlite-bundled"

# Configuration: either put a DATABASE_URL in `.env` as above, put it in an environment variable, or
diesel setup --database-url="db.sqlite"

# Set up SQLite
diesel migration run
```

Commit message:

Update readme and project name

readme.md, after:

# Open Anatomy Explorer Backend

This is the backend service of the Open Anatomy Explorer. It manages and stores data for the
frontend, and can also serve the pages itself. For the frontend and project description, see the [Open-Anatomy-Explorer](https://github.com/stisol/Open-Anatomy-Explorer) github project.

## Configuration

This backend must be configured through environment variables. For example:

```txt
MODELS_DIR=./models
CORS=^https?:\/\/(\w+\.)*example\.com
DATABASE_URL=db.sqlite
```

- Note that CORS is a regex string. It should be anchored by beginning with `^` to avoid
  maliciousness. See the warning and spec in the
  [Rocket documentation](https://docs.rs/rocket_cors/*/rocket_cors/type.AllowedOrigins.html) for
  details.
  - It will always allow CORS from `http(s)://localhost:xxxx` for testing purposes.
- If a different file than `db.sqlite` is wanted, make sure to reflect this in the provided
  `rocket.toml`.

### Database

This application requires a SQLite database to store data in. This is bundled on build-time, but it
still needs to be set up. This can be done with [`diesel_cli`](https://diesel.rs/) as such:

```sh
# Installation
cargo install diesel_cli --no-default-features --features "sqlite-bundled"

# Configuration: either put a DATABASE_URL in `.env` as above, put it in an environment variable, or
diesel setup --database-url="db.sqlite"

# Set up SQLite
diesel migration run
```
